Release 2.2.0 (#2599)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs/content/configuration/ingress-resources/advanced-configuration-with-annotations.md

|``nginx.org/hsts-max-age`` | ``hsts-max-age`` | Sets the value of the ``max-age`` directive of the HSTS header. | ``2592000`` (1 month) |  |
|``nginx.org/hsts-include-subdomains`` | ``hsts-include-subdomains`` | Adds the ``includeSubDomains`` directive to the HSTS header. | ``False`` |  |
|``nginx.org/hsts-behind-proxy`` | ``hsts-behind-proxy`` | Enables HSTS based on the value of the ``http_x_forwarded_proto`` request header. Should only be used when TLS termination is configured in a load balancer (proxy) in front of the Ingress Controller. Note: to control redirection from HTTP to HTTPS configure the ``nginx.org/redirect-to-https`` annotation. | ``False`` |  |
|``nginx.com/jwt-key`` | N/A | Specifies a Secret resource with keys for validating JSON Web Tokens (JWTs). | N/A | [Support for JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/jwt). |
|``nginx.com/jwt-realm`` | N/A | Specifies a realm. | N/A | [Support for JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/jwt). |

> |``nginx.com/jwt-token`` | N/A | Specifies a variable that contains JSON Web Token. | By default, a JWT is expected in the ``Authorization`` header as a Bearer Token. | [Support for JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/jwt). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``nginx.com/jwt-token`` | N/A | Specifies a variable that contains a JSON Web Token. | By default, a JWT is expected in the ``Authorization`` header as a Bearer Token. | [Support for JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/jwt). |
```

|``nginx.org/fail-timeout`` | ``fail-timeout`` | Sets the value of the [fail_timeout](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html#fail_timeout) parameter of the ``server`` directive. | ``10s`` |  |
|``nginx.com/sticky-cookie-services`` | N/A | Configures session persistence. | N/A | [Session Persistence](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/session-persistence). |
|``nginx.org/keepalive`` | ``keepalive`` | Sets the value of the [keepalive](https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_upstream_module.html#keepalive) directive. Note that ``proxy_set_header Connection "";`` is added to the generated configuration when the value > 0. | ``0`` |  |
|``nginx.com/health-checks`` | N/A | Enables active health checks. | ``False`` | [Support for Active Health Checks](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/health-checks). |
|``nginx.com/health-checks-mandatory`` | N/A | Configures active health checks as mandatory. | ``False`` | [Support for Active Health Checks](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/health-checks). |

> |``nginx.com/health-checks-mandatory-queue`` | N/A | When active health checks are mandatory, configures a queue for temporary storing incoming requests during the time when NGINX Plus is checking the health of the endpoints after a configuration reload. | ``0`` | [Support for Active Health Checks](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/health-checks). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``nginx.com/health-checks-mandatory-queue`` | N/A | When active health checks are mandatory, creates a queue where incoming requests are temporarily stored while NGINX Plus is checking the health of the endpoints after a configuration reload. | ``0`` | [Support for Active Health Checks](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/health-checks). |
```

> |``nginx.com/slow-start`` | N/A | Sets the upstream server [slow-start period](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/load-balancer/http-load-balancer/#server-slow-start). By default, slow-start is activated after a server becomes [available](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/load-balancer/http-health-check/#passive-health-checks) or [healthy](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/load-balancer/http-health-check/#active-health-checks). To enable slow-start for newly added servers, configure [mandatory active health checks](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/health-checks). | ``"0s"`` |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``nginx.com/slow-start`` | N/A | Sets the upstream server [slow-start period](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/load-balancer/http-load-balancer/#server-slow-start). By default, slow-start is activated after a server becomes [available](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/load-balancer/http-health-check/#passive-health-checks) or [healthy](https://docs.nginx.com/nginx/admin-guide/load-balancer/http-health-check/#active-health-checks). To enable slow-start for newly-added servers, configure [mandatory active health checks](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/health-checks). | ``"0s"`` |  |
```

|``appprotect.f5.com/app-protect-enable`` | N/A | Enable App Protect for the Ingress Resource. | ``False`` | [Example for App Protect](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/appprotect). |
|``appprotect.f5.com/app-protect-security-log-enable`` | N/A | Enable the [security log](/nginx-app-protect/troubleshooting/#app-protect-logging-overview) for App Protect. | ``False`` | [Example for App Protect](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/appprotect). |
|``appprotect.f5.com/app-protect-security-log`` | N/A | The App Protect log configuration for the Ingress Resource. Format is ``namespace/name``. If no namespace is specified, the same namespace as the Ingress Resource is used. If not specified the  default is used which is:  filter: ``illegal``, format: ``default``. Multiple configurations can be specified in a comma separated list. Both log configurations and destinations list (see below) must be of equal length. Configs and destinations are paired by the list indices. | N/A | [Example for App Protect](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/appprotect). |

> |``appprotect.f5.com/app-protect-security-log-destination`` | N/A | The destination of the security log. For more information check the [DESTINATION argument](/nginx-app-protect/troubleshooting/#app-protect-logging-overview). Multiple destinations can be specified in a coma separated list.  Both log configurations and destinations list (see above) must be of equal length. Configs and destinations are paired by the list indices. | ``syslog:server=localhost:514`` | [Example for App Protect](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/appprotect). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|``appprotect.f5.com/app-protect-security-log-destination`` | N/A | The destination of the security log. For more information check the [DESTINATION argument](/nginx-app-protect/troubleshooting/#app-protect-logging-overview). Multiple destinations can be specified in a coma-separated list.  Both log configurations and destinations list (see above) must be of equal length. Configs and destinations are paired by the list indices. | ``syslog:server=localhost:514`` | [Example for App Protect](https://github.com/nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress/tree/v2.2.0/examples/appprotect). |
```
